do you need help
there's nothing to help with what you
doing going fishing I'm telling you
there's no fish out there
how did this happen
come with me what are we gonna do change
the world our sins are forgiven my son I
thought only God could do that which is
easier to say his sins are forgiven
I'll say he get up and walk I've had
reports of a young prophet of Nazareth
it's rumored he works miracles evils do
blessed are the pure in heart for they
shall see God pray to Him and he will
listen 5000 came to see him 5000 your
hunger for righteousness will be filled
through me
who knows what Pilate will do if the
crowds run out of control but man Judas
he wants to help us I will crush any
rebellion there is something unusual
about him we must arrest this false
prophet but what if he is who they say
he is one of you here will betray me to
my enemies I want someone this whole man
Jesus of Nazareth you are charged with
blasphemy he has employed demons to heal
he threatened to destroy the temple tell
us are you the son of God
I am
I am coming soon